Here's hottie with one again
another gameplay commentary from me
even though it is not a whole
It's a street where I'm real
gone bad though that were not
only evil that was much more accurate
it was actually one
live recording he at least the beginning
I'm totally unnerved after
So we did not give up because we did not
but would have won the own team there
were there people so I have something
not seen before when to
first time in your life
controller in the hand
So I'm pretty frustrated
it can not be true
his
you better do that alone against the
other six play that there is
we were not alone at all
a two man martin await the
other 4
but as you can see or I do not see
here my goodness of the dead
but that's just what you want
I experiment a bit
here with four kilt flies that you can
yes here at once word who choose
how many kills do you fix with the woman?
no takeaway was one or two
or three in all cases , thanks
Do you take paper with you of course
somehow save his points because
my 13 points you spend so
How to assemble your class
and I have decided to go here
in this gameplay that they are on mine
beloved oneself and and now
it comes to the topic for this comment
actually on my ex ability
somehow waived yes I have him
otherwise always extreme where you have such a
Regenerated a bit faster and at the same time
thought is really useful me
do not really know
Therefore, my question to you is required
in these abilities we can only do it
they really work
we do not have enough skill there
so i have to say for example i
I've played a round dominance that
was awakened awakens a car flag
by taking over the
driver is hovering so I have him
not seen
The hole waited there as floating
yes that is used tactically
Now the question we can with the game
we can not even do it here with rw
handle it correctly or is that what
have built just one
Anyhow, new people around the world like that too
here we have new and exciting
in reality, that does not help
That's the question for you, I'm up
I appreciate your comments
me over every thumbs up her
see me get mad
she always tells me my friend and me
hope to see you again